WEEK1/ QUIZ-2
Congratulations! You passed!
TO PASS 80% or higher
GRADE
100%
Game Design Process
LATEST SUBMISSION GRADE
100%
1.
Question 1
What makes games UNIQUE over film and books?

1 / 1 point

Games can show you fantastical worlds.


Games can be shared with friends.


Games can take you away to a wonderful place and there let you do an amazing thing.


Games can tell stories.

Correct
T​hat is correct! What makes games unique is the player can DO things. That is, the player is an active part of experience. 

2.
Question 2
Which of the following is NOT in the primary list of things that a game designer does, as we defined in class?

1 / 1 point

Imagine.


Define.


Describe.


Translate.

Correct
T​hat is correct. The game designer typically does not translate the game.

3.
Question 3
The first thing to consider when making a game is:

1 / 1 point

The game platform


The game engine


The distribution channel


The target audience

Correct
Yes! All of the choices related to game design, game technology and distribution will be influenced by the target audience.

4.
Question 4
One of the most significant differences between players and how they engage in games is:

1 / 1 point

Gender


Age


Culture


Play style (core vs. casual)

Correct
Yes!  The type of play style highly influences how your player will engage in your game title.  Core gamers play to beat the game while casual games play for enjoyment.

5.
Question 5
What is NOT derived from or represented in the Design, Play, Experience framework?

1 / 1 point

Play is where the designer's design and the player meet.


Technology is the most important factor to consider in game design.


The designer modifies the design based on the players actual experience through a iterative process.


The designer sets experience objectives and attempts to design to meet those objectives.

Correct
T​hat is correct. The game is built on technology but it is not the most important factor, as you can have the same game rest of multiple forms of technology.

6.
Question 6
The term game platform refers to?

1 / 1 point

The computing hardware and operating system    


The game engine


The programming language


The table that the game system rests upon

Correct
Yes. The game platform is usually defined by the computing hardware and operating system.  Modern game platforms include Microsoft Windows, Apple Mac OS, WebGL, Apple iOS, Google Android, Nintendo Switch, Sony Playstation, Microsoft Xbox, and Linux, just to name a few.

7.
Question 7
All of the following can be considered game technology EXCEPT:

1 / 1 point

Game players


Game code


Operating system


Game engine

Correct
Correct. Game players are not game technology. While we may have cyborg or technology enhanced players one day, we don't typically think of our human players as game technology.

8.
Question 8
On a small team (less than 5 people), the primary game development roles are all of the following EXCEPT:

1 / 1 point

Producer


Designer


Programmer


Artist

Correct
Yes! Programmers, Designers, and Artists are considered the three primary roles in game development. Producers usually are important when the team size is larger.

9.
Question 9
The more people you have on a game development team, the more likely you are to have people filling much more specific roles.

1 / 1 point

T​rue


F​alse

Correct
Correct. The roles become more specialized as the team size increases.
